well does the second day of the second
week of groups here at worlds with
coverage presented by Mambo Lakes I'm
drained right now by ml XG as well as
Lexi just gonna help translate now ml XG
you guys have now officially gotten out
in the first place can you talk to me a
little bit about how you feel about this
position and if you were surprised at
all about it so it goes in your medicine
that don't you sound so delish enfin
Susheela I mean it's in the showroom the
guy says what do you say about told me
the guys down
I'm cashing the money when they say
older child eat sushi right now I'm
super happy because we actually got out
of groups as number one with a Korean
team in the group what do you think your
chances are of going super far possibly
even to the final because it does seem
as though
now you've demonstrated you can beat
Korean teams at least so what what do
you think your chances are ninja
tournament no-go generality Leo Donna
mmm aha would you kindly tell the
students on guava no boy some wall of
hot water does not a home intruder so
this really depends on how our scrims
are gonna come later on if our scrim
results are pretty good we're pretty
confident that we can make it further
into Worlds what how much of world's
being in China this year do you think is
assisting you because I know often times
when teams travel internationally it can
be hard to find the food that they want
or to feel as comfortable and also here
you have the crowd supporting you so how
much of it is that hometown advantage
you know to town - hi oh sure - etana
you mean you John you sure - poof a
pocket in en route and a half and hour
tomorrow it's in the canoe ho ho habima
mmm quite a mission to use that women
how is your site use the fermion
Biosciences Hana who have been some of
the chosen how to share those who know
each I mean so I think all the other
things that you mentioned above are huge
factors into
assisting us with the win definitely
with the food when we're traveling there
are a lot of foods that we don't really
like eating and the time zone and with
the crowd supporting us
it's it means a lot what is the biggest
factor in your success do you think a
lot Tsunade Oh Quentin mmm-hmm so the
change also owe us a job an takuna
family and canoes away have you harder
so I really think the reason that we can
win this time is because all five of us
have the same goal and especially with
our all full Chinese roster were able to
avoid a lot of miscommunication and make
everything work and what do you think is
or what team do you think that you would
really like to face in the next set
because I know that we still don't know
two of the groups by Josiah curiosity
what are the teams would you like to
face Aloha mo put on it to the una pieza
which enough land here - how many a team
you know we're excited it's pretty
excited to play against fnatic do you
think you can beat them mmm okay ba 5050
okay it seems like you guys are really
dominant so I'm surprised to hear that
but other than that now you have a
couple extra days off compared to maybe
some of the teams later in the stage how
do you plan to spend the next couple of
days tell Johnny ahora su summer mm you
know majority and Jamie install the
harwitum in swallows rewarming unite you
know how many tiles would use for
gentleman enjoy fine danger so I saw a
comedian way house we had seen in the
museum sir coach actually told us that
if we're able to beat Sampson today
he'll give us one day off so we're
probably gonna go out and get some food
very good sounds delicious I plan on
doing that in just a moment is there
anything that you would like to say to
the fans I'm Alex G all defenses down
the month
Pera how was Angela I am ha jung-woo OSU
on battle and the Lotus water Sunday
hi everyone I'm ml XG from RNG and I'm
their jungler thank you so much for
supporting us and hope you can guys can
keep supporting me and my team good well
thank you so much and thank you for the
translation for everyone else you can
check out the rest of our coverage of
all things worlds right here on my
youtube channel I want to thank you all
so much for the kind words and support
about my videos here in China I've been
trying to put out a ton of great stuff
and you know what it wouldn't be
possible if it wasn't for my sponsor
mobile it except eat right ooh get
better at Liga legends by identifying
your personal strengths and weaknesses
and you can actually check them out over
at mobile EKGs / Travis they're also
running a great giveaway that's in the
description of this video so feel free
to check them out